hi to all those damn I hope that
you're fine then we end up on
the youtube channel to make a small
top readings indeed as I you
warned in my last video
Since I'm on vacation I have
still could read a lot on his 15
first days of July and the
I decided to present you my
first five readings as you have
most certainly could see him on the
video size
the first three readings I'm going
wanted to introduce to a package being
given that it's the same collection and
that it's pretty much the same thing
so this is the house editions the
musardine so we dared the first time
marie minnelli then is dared
to make love everywhere except in a nest
marc dannam and he dared a lesson
Horny trinh thi blowjob
I hope to say all that then
why am I introducing you to these
three books at the same time although
I read the separate course
it's just because for me
they are in the same vein ie
that I had the same feeling about
three the three years u13 out of 5 because
I found the educational side anyway
nice enough it's pretty good to take the
authors aboard her in a way so
natural fact there is no taboo and
so that's why I found that very
very well after it's true that by
example on that of dare the fellatio
it is still really detailed etc
etc.
so this is not to be put between all
hands I think but if I take by
example the first who dared the
first time I really found it
great if it must be placed in the
teen hands simply because we
the author is really trying to say if you
not want you do not accept you
first and it's really very good
advice
so nothing for her am here I think
it's my favorite of the three given
that it is not you take the head te
force to nothing and suddenly I think that if
this audience is really for the neck
to people who are virgins I
think it's still a very, very
good start with regard to pink and
make love everywhere are in
I know the one I found the most
funny because it's a small
little to spice up the couple's life it's
to know so no longer make love in
his bed but in a small place
little unusual hence the cover that
did it anyway I hope you
see that reflection a lot laughed here
so this one is the one who made me
most laugh and why not that's true
that when we fall into a certain
routine it can be nice to have a
book like this on hand for
from time to time innovate and then there is
had to cause a blowjob lesson
so this one as I said it is
the one that already is the thickest and
which is the most complete complex where I have
took the least pleasure actually to the
read because as much these two there
were a little more lightness was
nice this one for once it seemed to me
more condensed etc etc
plus it's really when alone and
same subject to know the blowjob then
that for sure these two there
it was the first time and there
it was really different places
so here I am here it is the one that
I liked it the least but for the moment
can still be used to
people so as I said everyone
had three out of five
in a totally different kind of
am immersed in the help of
skyfall of shannon messenger to
lumens editions so this book
I sincerely passed in very very very
very good time the author really knew
capture me in his universe since
for me it was the first time I
put in the universe of cif and there in
the occurrence the site fire master wind
master of the air no matter
and suddenly all the mythology around
that but completely delighted me he
must be said that in addition to the sheets that is
the main female character is a
hyper strong character she is she did not
not afraid she's fighting etc she's fighting at
way to sell so I found that but
simply huge
and opposite there was the that there is a
teenager who has about a normal life
off well past more or less tragic
and it turns out that bell and 2
have to join forces to try to
defeat in quotation marks the big
naughty and I admit that here is the author
made me take a loan finally it's a
beautiful bricks and yet we devour it
we do not see past pages ago
a lot of action we realize a
little bit of anything that can hide
between place behind the unspoken of this
book and it bodes very very good
suites the end of the novel left me a
bittersweet bit as ben for
I would have really liked
to have the following
Ben here already in my library
given that for once the author does
weary a little bit like this
while there is a lot of
twists and my little heart
here I do not know if he will survive
until I have volume 2 that
do you want for a very good time of
reading I put him in four on five
and finally the last reading I'm going
introduce yourself it is a
visibility in dh kremer and david levitte
n editions michel lafon
so this first volume is true
had heard a lot about
further Atlantic
and he had intrigued me a lot
know this boy totally down
invisible since always who is under
the stroke of a curse and this
young girl who arrives from day to day
next day in his life and who can the
see it's the only one ever to have seen
so in fact it's true that the trick me
enormously pleased I was like wow
expect from them has only one vizille and
serves to it can even be great and at
final even though the story is still
well I admit that I come out of there a little
a little mixed given that already this is
a one shot for me the end brings when
even a lot of questions and I know that
for once I would not have them
already it's a big negative end
open I can not stand that and then
I really found that the side
invisibility really was not
exploit the magical side either so
in fact it was a little I did
I'm tired a little too little I do not know
how better to explain it than that
say that authors with m
a good thing a good sitting a good
theme and in the end they failed to
carry me as I could have
imagine that he would have done so in
more of that as I say there are two
authors to frame
will write the point of view of Elizabeth
who is our main daughter and david
will write the point of view of steven who
so is our boy and suddenly it's
feels a lot in fact in the
given time chapters which is a
alternating points of view because
so I liked the style
David's writing that is a lot
more incisive which goes a lot more in
action and squeeze whileandrea is
a lot more thoughtful we really feel
that it's a girl who writes for a
girl in fact that's mostly what got me
we are more in the length in the
descriptions and so on says that
it's almost a chapter in two
it is true that it brakes is also a
little reading and I was looking forward to
come back to the chapter that david so from
steven because I knew it was going
bring back a little bit of rhythm so
here I am the first to be a
little bit disgusted at not having been
packed by this book but it's like that
so I put a 3 out of 5
well here's my marauder you know
everything for the first five readings of the
July I hope that some
will have given you desire do not hesitate to
leave me in comment if you have
want to read them or rather what you
have read I'm sorry to advance if you
hear some background noise on the
video I hope to edit that I do not
will not walk the ears to see that
it was absolutely she woman all
simply because it actually makes
so hot today that I have the
fan that's right there I hope
however not too much I'm not either
makeup what with the heat that makes
it's just not possible not dripping
literally so excused
the presentation but I'll try to
do better next time on this
I will leave you I make you full
big kisses I really thank you
to have looked to the end and I
tell you very soon
ciao